# Retrieves overlap info for a study and a list of studies

For an input study ID and a list of other study IDs, this function
returns two elements. One contains the overlap information in a table
format, and the other element is the variant intersection set,
representing an overlap between two variants of the two given studies.

## Usage

``` r
overlapInfoForStudy(study_id, study_ids = list())
```

## Arguments

- study_id:

  Character: Study ID(s) generated by Open Targets (e.g GCST90002357).

- study_ids:

  Character: generated ID for variants by Open Targets (e.g.
  1_154119580_C_A) or rsId (rs2494663).

## Value

A list containing a data frame of overlap information and the variant
intersection set. The overlap information table (overlap_info) consists
of the following columns:

- `studyId`: *Character vector*. Study ID.

- `traitReported`: *Character vector*. Reported trait.

- `traitCategory`: *Character vector*. Trait category.

- `variantIdA`: *Character vector*. Variant ID from study A.

- `variantIdB`: *Character vector*. Variant ID from study B.

- `overlapAB`: *Integer vector*. Number of overlaps between variants A
  and B.

- `distinctA`: *Integer vector*. Number of distinct variants in study A.

- `distinctB`: *Integer vector*. Number of distinct variants in study B.

- `study.studyId`: *Character vector*. Study ID from study list.

- `study.traitReported`: *Character vector*. Reported trait from study
  list.

- `study.traitCategory`: *Character vector*. Trait category from study
  list.

The variant intersection set (variant_intersection_set) is a character
vector representing the intersection of variants.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
result <- overlapInfoForStudy(study_id = "GCST90002357",
 study_ids = list("GCST90025975", "GCST90025962"))
} # }
```
